BDD Experiment (#1679)
US-Trustee-Program/Bankruptcy-Oversight-Support-Systems: test/bdd/README.md

   - All of these show as "covered" even without assertions

#### Example Scenario:

```typescript
// constants.ts
export const MAX_RETRIES = 3;              // Executes at import
export const DEFAULT_TIMEOUT = 5000;       // Executes at import

// utils.ts
import { MAX_RETRIES } from './constants';

export function getRetryCount() {          // Defined at import
  return MAX_RETRIES;                      // Only executes if called
}

// component.tsx
import { getRetryCount } from './utils';   // constants.ts and utils.ts execute

export function MyComponent() {
  // getRetryCount() never called in BDD test
  return <div>Hello</div>;
}
```

**Coverage results:**
- `constants.ts`: 100% line, 100% branch (no branches, all imports executed)
- `utils.ts`:
  - Lines: 100% (import executed, function defined)
  - Branches: 100% (no branches in this file)
  - Function coverage: 0% (getRetryCount never called!)

#### What to Look For Instead

Better Coverage Metrics to Focus On:

1. **Look at files with LOW coverage** - those need attention
2. **Check "Uncovered Lines"** column - more meaningful than percentages
3. **Open the HTML report** to see which specific lines weren't executed

> 4. **Compare Function Coverage vs Branch Coverage**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Look at files with LOW coverage** - those need attention
1. **Check "Uncovered Lines"** column - more meaningful than percentages
1. **Open the HTML report** to see which specific lines weren't executed
1. **Compare Function Coverage vs Branch Coverage**:
```

#### Example of What You're Likely Seeing:

```
File                  | % Stmts | % Branch | % Funcs | % Lines | Uncovered Lines
----------------------|---------|----------|---------|---------|----------------
constants.ts          |   100   |   100    |   N/A   |   100   |
api-client.ts         |   100   |   100    |   20    |   100   |
complex-util.ts       |   75    |   50     |   60    |   75    | 45-52, 78-82
```

- `constants.ts`: 100% everywhere - just imports, no logic
- `api-client.ts`: 100% branch but 20% function - **imported but most functions not called**
- `complex-util.ts`: 50% branch - **this needs testing!**

#### The Key Insight:

**Branch coverage = "Were all code paths executed?"**
**NOT "Were all scenarios tested with assertions?"**

Your BDD tests provide **execution coverage** (code ran) but may not provide **behavioral coverage** (code tested with assertions). This is actually fine for integration tests - they focus on user workflows, not exhaustive unit testing.

Focus on:
1. Files with **uncovered lines** (red in HTML report)
2. Low **function coverage** (functions never called)
3. Complex business logic that needs dedicated tests

> 4. Error handling paths (catch blocks, error callbacks)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Files with **uncovered lines** (red in HTML report)
1. Low **function coverage** (functions never called)
1. Complex business logic that needs dedicated tests
1. Error handling paths (catch blocks, error callbacks)
```
